So now that you know the qualifications
of data scientists, data engineers,
data science managers,
the whole data science team,
you need to know where you can go and
find those sorts of people.
The obvious place to look is the general
purpose sites, LinkedIn or Monster.com or
something like that, where you go out and
you search for data science.
This can be a little bit hard to do,
because there are a large,
large number of people that call
themselves data scientists.
And so it's a hot area right now and
it can be a little bit hard to identify
who are the people that are really good
from who are the people that
aren't necessarily good.
Now it's not impossible, you can look for
the right programming languages for
each of the different roles.
You can look for past experience.
Ideally they have some kind of projects
online, whether that's through something
like a GitHub profile where they show
their software or hardware background.
So ideally you have some sort
of toehold on what they know
if you go to these sort
of general purpose sites.
Another place that you can go is you can
go to sort of more dedicated sites, so
kaggle.com hosts data
science competitions.
They also have a very large job board
with lots of people who are looking for
data science jobs.
There you're gonna tend to find people who
have at least a little bit of experience
in data science, cuz you also know
If they've competed in competitions,
what their skills are, how they're doing.
You can go to places like
Insight Data Science,
or you can go to places like hire.com.
These are sort of more dedicated places
that are focused exclusively on hiring and
building data scientists, and so
you know a little bit more
about their qualifications.
There's a little bit less
of a filtering process.
That may or may not be useful, depending
on how specific are the needs of your
institution or your organization
versus what's being trained or
what they hire in these
particular websites.
So in that case, if you're looking for
somebody that's a little outside the mold,
maybe the general purpose site might be
better with a little bit more searching.
If you're looking for sort of a more
traditional data scientist or
data engineer,
you might go to these more specific sites.
You can also look at people who
have taken classes online, and
find the people that are coming
out of those classes.
People that take classes on Coursera
data science programs, for example,
our data science specialization, or
through Udacity's program on data science,
or other online data science programs.
Often the best way to find them is
they have profiles on GitHub or
other sites where they put up
all their data science projects.
And so you can kind of get
a little bit of a feel for
how they work right from the start,
before you even interview them.
So you can go search for
them through the sort of sites
where they might have information
posted because most of these sort of
programs have them build portfolios or
profiles which they put online, which
makes it easier for you to find them.
And so another place to go look for people
is through these sort of people who have
qualifications in these online classes.